g page route param docs (#273)
redwoodjs/redwoodjs.com: docs/cliCommands.md

yarn rw g page <name> [path]
```

`path` can include a route parameter which will be passed to the generated
page. The syntax for that is `/path/to/page/{routeParam}/more/path`. You can

> also specify the type of the route parameter if needed; `{routeParam:Int}`. If

Reviewer: Fix typo: semicolon should be colon
```suggestion
also specify the type of the route parameter if needed: `{routeParam:Int}`. If
```

> `path` isn't specified, it will be the same as the name. If `path` is only a

Reviewer: For consistency (we refer to name as `name` without the article at the end)
```suggestion
`path` isn't specified, it will be the same as `name`. If `path` is only a
```

Author: I didn't change this line, but now that you commented on it, it got me thinking... It's not technically 100% correct that the path will be the same as the name. If `name` is `UserDetails`, then the path will be `user-details`.

Is this something we should care about here? Or is it fine to just leave it as is? (or, rather, as you suggested)

Reviewer: Ah my bad! That's true&mdash;we could say "derived from name" here and get more specific in another PR?

Author: 👍

yarn rw g page <name> [path]
```

`path` can include a route parameter which will be passed to the generated
page. The syntax for that is `/path/to/page/{routeParam}/more/path`. You can
also specify the type of the route parameter if needed: `{routeParam:Int}`. If

> `path` isn't specified, it will be the same as `name`. If `path` is only a

Reviewer: @Tobbe If you like my suggestion from https://github.com/redwoodjs/redwoodjs.com/pull/273#discussion_r464549331 
```suggestion
`path` isn't specified, it will be derived from `name`. If `path` is only a
```

Author: I like "derived from". The next sentence in the paragraph has the same problem, with using `name` as if it's used exactly as written by the user. And that last sentence was much more difficult to fix. So I rewrote both sentences.

Reviewer: @Tobbe Thank you! :rocket:

}
```

Generating a page to show quotes:

```plaintext
~/redwood-app$ yarn rw g page quote {id}
yarn run v1.22.4
$ /redwood-app/node_modules/.bin/rw g page quote {id}
  ✔ Generating page files...
    ✔ Writing `./web/src/pages/QuotePage/QuotePage.stories.js`...
    ✔ Writing `./web/src/pages/QuotePage/QuotePage.test.js`...
    ✔ Writing `./web/src/pages/QuotePage/QuotePage.js`...
  ✔ Updating routes file...
Done in 1.02s.
```

> The page returns jsx telling you where to find it:

Reviewer: In this example, you're trying to show the reader that the route parameter is now available, so I'd change this sentence to highlight that difference.

Author: I changed it to "The generated page will get the route parameter as a prop:". Better?

Reviewer: Perfect!

> ```javascript

Reviewer: Highlight the lines of interest for readabillity
```suggestion
```javascript{5,12,14}
```
